NAME                                         DISPLAY NAME                                               DEFAULT CHANNEL
aci-containers-operator                      Cisco ACI Containers Operator                              stable
aikit-operator                               Intel® oneAPI AI Analytics Toolkit Operator                alpha
ako-operator                                 AKO Operator                                               stable
anchore-engine                               Anchore Engine Operator                                    alpha
anzo-operator                                Anzo Operator                                              stable
anzograph-operator                           AnzoGraph Operator                                         stable
anzounstructured-operator                    Anzo Unstructured Operator                                 stable
cass-operator                                DataStax Kubernetes Operator for Apache Cassandra          stable
ccm-node-agent-dcap-operator                 CCM Node Agent DCAP Operator                               alpha
ccm-node-agent-operator                      CCM Node Agent Operator                                    alpha
cilium                                       Cilium                                                     1.12
cilium-enterprise                            Cilium Enterprise                                          1.11
cisco-hxcsi-operator                         Cisco Hyperflex CSI Operator                               stable
citrix-adc-istio-ingress-gateway-operator    Citrix ADC Istio Ingress Gateway Operator                  alpha
citrix-cpx-istio-sidecar-injector-operator   Citrix ADC CPX Istio Sidecar Injector Operator             alpha
citrix-cpx-with-ingress-controller-operator  Citrix ADC CPX with Ingress Controller                     alpha
citrix-ingress-controller-operator           Citrix Ingress Controller                                  alpha
cloud-native-postgresql                      EDB Postgres for Kubernetes                                stable-v1.19
cloudbees-ci                                 CloudBees CI                                               alpha
cnfv-operator                                CloudNFV                                                   alpha
conjur-follower-operator                     Conjur Enterprise Follower Operator                        stable
couchbase-enterprise-certified               Couchbase Operator                                         stable
crunchy-postgres-operator                    Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes                            v5
datadog-operator-certified                   Datadog Operator                                           alpha
dell-csi-operator-certified                  Dell CSI Operator                                          stable
dell-csm-operator-certified                  Dell Container Storage Modules                             stable
dynatrace-operator                           Dynatrace Operator                                         alpha
elasticsearch-eck-operator-certified         Elasticsearch (ECK) Operator                               stable
entando-k8s-operator                         Entando Operator                                           stable
federatorai-certified                        Federator.ai                                               stable
fujitsu-enterprise-operator                  FUJITSU Enterprise Postgres 13 Operator                    stable-13
fujitsu-enterprise-postgres-operator         FUJITSU Enterprise Postgres Operator                       stable
function-mesh                                Function Mesh Operator                                     alpha
gitlab-runner-operator                       GitLab Runner                                              stable
gpu-operator-certified                       NVIDIA GPU Operator                                        v22.9
hazelcast-enterprise-certified               Hazelcast Enterprise Operator                              alpha
hazelcast-platform-operator                  Hazelcast Platform Operator                                alpha
hpe-ezmeral-csi-operator                     HPE Ezmeral Data Fabric CSI Operator for Kubernetes        stable
ibm-application-gateway-operator             IBM Application Gateway Operator                           stable
ibm-block-csi-operator                       IBM block storage CSI driver operator                      stable
ibm-security-verify-directory-operator       IBM Security Verify Directory                              stable
ibm-security-verify-operator                 IBM Security Verify Operator                               stable
ibm-storage-odf-operator                     IBM Storage ODF operator                                   stable-v1.3
infoscale-dr-manager                         InfoScale™ DR Manager                                      stable
infoscale-licensing-operator                 InfoScale™ Licensing Operator                              stable
infoscale-operator                           InfoScale™ SDS Operator                                    stable
infoscale-sds-operator                       InfoScale™ SDS Operator                                    stable
infrastructure-asset-orchestrator-certified  Infrastructure Asset Orchestrator                          stable
installkit-customer                          Run:AI                                                     stable
instana-agent-operator                       Instana Agent Operator                                     stable
intel-device-plugins-operator                Intel Device Plugins Operator                              alpha
iomesh-operator                              IOMesh Operator                                            stable
joget-dx-operator                            Joget DX Operator                                          alpha
k8s-triliovault                              TrilioVault for Kubernetes                                 stable
k8s-triliovault-ibm                          TrilioVault for Kubernetes                                 stable
kong-gateway-operator                        Kong                                                       alpha
kubemq-operator-marketplace                  Kubemq Enterprise Operator                                 alpha
kubeturbo-certified                          Kubeturbo Operator                                         stable
lenovo-locd-operator                         lenovo-locd-operator                                       alpha
marketplace-games-operator                   Arcade Operator                                            alpha
memcached-operator-ogaye                     memcached-operator-ogaye                                   alpha
memory-machine-operator                      Memory Machine Operator                                    alpha
minio-operator                               Minio Operator                                             stable
model-builder-for-vision-certified           IBM Model Builder for Vision                               stable
mongodb-atlas-kubernetes                     MongoDB Atlas Operator                                     stable
mongodb-enterprise                           MongoDB Enterprise Operator                                stable
neuvector-certified-operator                 NeuVector Operator                                         beta
nginx-ingress-operator                       Nginx Ingress Operator                                     alpha
nutanixcsioperator                           Nutanix CSI Operator                                       stable
nxiq-operator-certified                      Nexus IQ Operator                                          stable
nxrm-operator-certified                      Nexus Repository Operator                                  stable
open-liberty-certified                       Open Liberty                                               beta2
openshiftartifactoryha-operator              JFrog Artifactory Enterprise Operator                      alpha
openshiftxray-operator                       JFrog Xray Continuous Security Operator                    alpha
operator-certification-operator              Operator Certification Operator                            alpha
operator-testing-ocp-4-11-22                 operator-testing-ocp-4-11-22                               stable
ovms-operator                                OpenVINO Toolkit Operator                                  alpha
pachyderm-operator                           Pachyderm                                                  stable
pcc-operator                                 Prisma Cloud Compute Operator                              stable
pmem-csi-operator-os                         Operator for PMEM-CSI driver                               stable
portworx-certified                           Portworx Enterprise                                        stable
prometurbo-certified                         Prometurbo Operator                                        stable
redis-enterprise-operator-cert               Redis Enterprise Operator                                  production
runtime-component-operator-certified         Runtime Component                                          beta2
sanstoragecsi-operator-bundle                NEC Storage M Series CSI Operator                          stable
silicom-sts-operator                         Silicom STS Operator                                       stable
smilecdr-operator                            Smilecdr Operator                                          alpha
sosivio                                      Sosivio | Predictive Troubleshooting for Kubernetes        stable
sriov-fec                                    SR-IOV Operator for Wireless FEC Accelerators              stable
stackable-commons-operator                   Stackable Commons Operator                                 stable
stackable-zookeeper-operator                 Apache Zookeeper Operator                                  stable
stackgres-operator                           StackGres                                                  stable
sysdig-certified                             Sysdig Agent Operator                                      stable
t8c-certified                                Turbonomic Platform Operator                               stable
test-obi-1302                                test-obi-1302                                              stable
tigera-operator                              Tigera Operator                                            release-v1.25
timemachine-operator                         Time Machine Operator                                      alpha
uma-admin-operator                           DX APM Universal Monitoring Agent Admin For Multi-tenancy  stable
uma-operator                                 DX APM Universal Monitoring Agent                          stable
uma-team-operator                            DX APM Universal Monitoring Agent Team For Multi-tenancy   stable
vfunction-server-operator                    vFunction Operator                                         stable
xcrypt-operator                              Zettaset XCrypt Operator                                   alpha
zabbix-operator-certified                    Zabbix Operator                                            lts
